RC Edit and view: updated to fit current UI (#2118)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rc/databases/view-edit-database.md

    {{<image filename="images/rc/database-delete-confirm-dialog.png" alt="The Delete database confirmation dialog confirms your decision to delete a database." >}}{{< /image >}}

>     When you choose this action for the last database in a subscription, you're shown a different prompt. You're asked to keep the database, delete the database, or delete both the database and the subscription.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you only have one database in your subscription, you can delete both the database and the subscription from the **Delete database** confirmation dialog:
        
    - **Delete both** deletes both the database and the subscription.
    
    - **Delete database** deletes the database but keeps the subscription.
```

>     {{<image filename="images/rc/database-delete-last-dialog.png" alt="A different delete database confirmation dialog asks you to consider deleting the subscruption as well.">}}{{< /image >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    {{<image filename="images/rc/database-delete-last-dialog.png" alt="A different delete database confirmation dialog asks you to consider deleting the subscription as well.">}}{{< /image >}}
```
